IMPORTANT TERMS: 
Improper use. Do not improperly access, alter or store the Spotify Service or Spotify Content, including

    using any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other tool to retrieve, duplicate, or index any portion of the Spotify Service or Spotify Content (which includes playlist data) or collect information about Spotify users for any unauthorized purpose;
    making excessive service calls that are not strictly required for the proper functioning of your SDA;
    requesting, collecting, soliciting or otherwise obtaining access to user names, passwords, or other authentication credentials for the Spotify Service, other than through the means specifically provided for by the Spotify Platform and as strictly necessary to offer and operate your SDA.

Storing Spotify Content

    Storing and displaying content.
        Except as otherwise set out in these Developer Terms, you may not store, aggregate or create compilations or databases of Spotify Content, other than as strictly necessary to operate your SDA. You must use reasonable efforts to ensure that any data you display to users is the most up to date data available through the Spotify Platform, and to delete older data. Do not store Spotify Content indefinitely.
        Spotify Personal Data (as defined in the Data Protection Appendix) must be stored and deleted in accordance with Section V.

Security Codes

    As described on our Developer Website, to access and use certain tools provided by the Spotify Platform, you must link your Spotify Service account to a developer account. You will be issued one or more unique I.D.s, client I.Ds, keys, passwords, security codes, or tokens (each a “Security Code”) for accessing the Spotify Platform and managing your account. You agree to provide Spotify with accurate, complete and updated registration and contact information.
You may only access your account with the Security Codes provided by Spotify and the appropriate Security Code must be embedded in your SDA, including in all updates and revisions, in a secure manner not accessible by third parties. You must use a separate Security Code for each SDA. You may not use more than one Security Code for each SDA. If you are developing a Streaming SDA, each call to the Spotify Platform must incorporate a valid Security Code.
You may not sell, transfer, sublicense or otherwise disclose your account or Security Codes to any other party or use it for any other purpose except in connection with your SDA.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and Security Codes. You agree to notify Spotify immediately if you believe that your account or Security Codes have been compromised and cooperate with Spotify in the investigation of any compromised Security Codes. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur using your account and Security Codes, regardless of whether such activities are undertaken by you or a third party.

Limitations on Use of Spotify Platform. Spotify may limit the number of service calls that your SDA may make, the volume of Spotify Content that may be accessed, or anything else about the Spotify Service as Spotify deems appropriate, in its sole discretion, without notice. Spotify may use technical measures to prevent over-usage or stop usage of the Spotify Platform.

Monitoring Usage. You agree that Spotify may monitor your use of, and collect usage data related to, the Spotify Platform to ensure quality, improve the Spotify Service and verify your compliance with the Developer Agreement. You agree not to block or interfere with such efforts and to provide us with reasonable access to information related to your compliance with the Developer Agreement. Spotify may use any technical means to overcome any interference. At our sole discretion we may request, and you will provide, proof that your SDA and any content within your SDA is properly licensed.

Usage and Quotas.

    Spotify may use quotas and place use restrictions to ensure that the Spotify Platform is accessed and used as intended and in accordance with the Developer Agreement.
    If your SDA reaches a quota limit, you can apply for a quota extension using the forms provided to you. In that case, your quota extension application must specify the use case for which you need the extension. Spotify makes no promise or guarantee that your quota extension request will be approved.
    If Spotify grants an additional quota, you must use the additional quota granted only for the use case that Spotify reviewed. If any of the information you provided to Spotify when requesting the quota changes, you must notify Spotify of the change by submitting the new information to Spotify prior to using the quota extension for a non-reviewed use case.

ENDPOINTS: 
https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/reference/#/

EXAMPLE OF R USE: 
https://msmith7161.github.io/what-is-speechiness/

